example_dsh_service/README.md, before:

# DSH SDK Example Service

This is an example service that uses the DSH SDK Platform and will demonstrate a simple consumer that prints the messages to the console. It also shows how to properly shutdown the service.

## Description

This example shows you how to setup:
- Consumer
- Graceful shutdown
- Build and publish to Harbor

It also gives you an example of how to build the project and publish it to Harbor as a docker image.

## Build image

To build (and push) the docker image, open the makefile and update the following variables with your tenant information:
```makefile
TENANT=
TENANTUID=
```

If not already done, login to Harbor (password is your Harbor client secret):
```bash
make login
```

Run the following command, to build and push the image to Harbor and optionally start on DSH:

```bash
make all
```

See help for all avaialable options.
```bash
make help
```

## Dockerfile

The dockerfile is setup in such a way that it will build the service in a seperate stage and then copy the binary to a scratch image. This will result in a very small image. With this setup, there are no depencies on which environment the application is built.

If you need an extra depency during compile/build time, you can add it to the dockerfile in the build stage. If you need an extra dependency during runtime, you can add it to the dockerfile in the runner stage.

## Run the service on dsh

To start the serice on DSH from command line/makefile, you can use the following command. This does require Rest API credentials.

```bash
make deploy
```

To run the service on dsh from console, you can use the following config (replace tenant_name, uid/gid, and topic_name with your own values):

```json
{
  "name": "dsh-sdk-example",
  "image": "registry.cp.kpn-dsh.com/{tenant_name}/dsh-sdk-example:example",
  "cpus": 0.1,
  "mem": 64,
  "env": {
    "TOPICS": "{topic_name}"
  },
  "instances": 0,
  "singleInstance": false,
  "needsToken": true,
  "user": "{uid}:{gid}"
}
```

Commit message:

update readme of example service

example_dsh_service/README.md, after:

# DSH SDK Example Service

This is an example service that uses the DSH SDK Platform and will demonstrate a simple consumer that prints the messages to the console. It also shows how to properly shutdown the service.

## Description

This example shows you how to setup:
- initiate DSH SDK
- Create consumer
- Graceful shutdown
- Create custom metrics
- Build and publish to Harbor

It also gives you an example of how to build the project and publish it to Harbor as a docker image.

## Build image

To build (and push) the docker image, set the following environment variables with your tenant information:
```bash
export DSH_TENANT_NAME=TENANT_NAME
export DSH_TENANT_UID=1234
```

If not already done, login to Harbor (password is your Harbor client secret):
```bash
make login
```

Run the following command, to build and push the image to Harbor and optionally start on DSH:

```bash
make all
```

See help for all avaialable options.
```bash
make help
```

## Dockerfile

The dockerfile is setup in such a way that it will build the service in a seperate stage and then copy the binary to a scratch image. This will result in a very small image. With this setup, there are no depencies on which environment the application is built.

If you need an extra depedenncy during compile/build time, you can add it to the dockerfile in the build stage. If you need an extra dependency during runtime, you can add it to the dockerfile in the runner stage.

## Run the service on dsh

To start the serice on DSH from command line/makefile, you can use the following command. This does require Rest API credentials.

```bash
make deploy
```

To run the service on dsh from console, you can use the following config (replace tenant_name, uid/gid, and topic_name with your own values):

```json
{
  "name": "dsh-sdk-example",
  "image": "registry.cp.kpn-dsh.com/{tenant_name}/dsh-sdk-example:example",
  "cpus": 0.1,
  "mem": 64,
  "env": {
    "TOPICS": "{topic_name}"
  },
  "instances": 0,
  "singleInstance": false,
  "needsToken": true,
  "user": "{uid}:{gid}"
}
```
